docs: RN August 2022 (#1466)
vtex/faststore: apps/docs/blog/2022-09-13-faststore.md

---
title: FastStore - August 2022
description: FastStore Release Notes
tags: [faststore]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

> `Gift`, `OrderSummary`, `SkuSelector`, and `CartItem` components are now available in the FastStore UI. Also, update to the FastStore API improves the shopping cart UX and allow adding user's session information to the `orderForm`.

Author: ```suggestion
`Gift`, `OrderSummary`, `SkuSelector`, and `CartItem` components are now available in the FastStore UI. Also, updates to the FastStore API improve the shopping cart UX and allow adding user's session information to the `orderForm`.
```
